dr. Nieman my husband is scared to go
you know down there yeah I have to be
honest with you thought I've seen
everything
please put that away before you get
arrested
I am dr. Joseph Neiman and I'm a
board-certified plastic surgeon I'm
considered one of the best in the
country people have always been a widely
obsessed with achieving the perfect look
cosmetic surgery is the new drug and
it's in high demand you're interested in
getting more procedures done yes I gotta
stay ahead in curve the leader of people
against plastic surgery would like to
meet you you have no sense of
responsibility for your actions of
course I do
I turned your wife into a hot piece of
ass and I don't think she's gonna be
hanging out with you much longer wannabe
reality stars exotic dancers and
potential sugar babies make up a huge
portion of my business I'm the number
one side [ __ ] I'm hit number one Friday
do you do enlargements how do you want
to handle buying Mitchell's tummy tuck
brian has a hernia you are not both no
Brian Mitchell's fetish doesn't have a
hernia if you're not attractive or
wealthy there's really no way to get in
- well maybe you should start dating
again what are you talking about I date
all the time you know I'm not talking
about your strippers with benefits or
one night specials I think you have
never been in love would you ever marry
a woman who's never been under the right
I don't think I can trust a woman that's
never had surgery
why is it so hard for you to comprehend
that I'm happy with myself I believe
that a woman has to live within herself
not a mirror it's fine the courage and
confidence to believe in herself I'm
going to give you the tough standing
ways to be your main main side chick I'm
a taxpaying citizen it makes a pretty
healthy living off of the insecurities
of men and woman just like yourself my
breaking the law
I don't think so
[Music]
do you think I'm beautiful you created
this you know
[Music]